# SpreeAviorTax

Spree:AviorTax is a US sales tax extension for Spree using the [Avior Tax Service](#).

## Prerequisites

1.  Create new account with [Avior](https://avior.tax/contact)
2.  Once you create your account, you will have access to the following details:

    - username
    - password
    - service url
    - company name
    - seller id
    - seller location id
    - seller state
    - customer entity code

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

   ```ruby
   gem 'spree_avior_tax'
   ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler

   ```ruby
   bundle install
   ```

3. Copy & run migrations

   ```ruby
   bundle exec rails g spree_avior_tax:install
   ```

4. Restart your server

If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Setup

In order to setup Avior Tax, you need to do the following:

1. Navigate to **Avior Settings** Admin Page. You can find it in the **Configuration** Settings Tab when you login as an admin.

2. Once you are there, you'll need to login to your authenticate to Avior Tax and retrieve a **authentication token**. This can be conviniently done through the **Avior Tax Settings**.

   - In the **Basic Settings** section of the page, provide the **Service URL**, **Username** and **Password** and then click the Login button. If the details are correct, you'll get a token that will be visible in the **Token** field in the **General Settings** section.
   - In the **General Settings** section, provide the **Company Name**, **Seller (Id)**, **Seller Location (Id)**, **Seller State**, and **Customer Entity Code**.
   - That's all.

3. Create a tax rate with Avior Tax as the calculator.

   - Go to the **Tax Rates** section, and click the **'New Tax Rate'** button.
   - Fill in the all the required details. **Note** that the tax rate is required, even though Avior Tax will provide the final tax rate and amount.
   - Select **Avior Tax** from the list of calculators.
   - Click **'Create'** button.

4. That's all

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle update
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_avior_tax/factories'
```

## Releasing

```shell
bundle exec gem bump -p -t
bundle exec gem release
```

For more options please see [gem-release README](https://github.com/svenfuchs/gem-release)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute, please take a look at the
[instructions](CONTRIBUTING.md) for installing dependencies and crafting a good
pull request.

Copyright (c) 2023 [name of extension creator], released under the New BSD License
